feat: Update module catalog related docs (#2025)
kyma-project/lifecycle-manager: docs/contributor/resources/README.md

## Synchronization of Module Catalog with Remote Clusters

Lifecycle Manager ensures the Module Catalog is correctly synchronized with users' runtimes.

> The Module Catalog consists of all modules, represented by ModuleTemplates CR and related ModuleReleaseMetas CR, that are available for a user. The Module Catalog portfolio may vary for different users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Module Catalog consists of all modules, represented by ModuleTemplate CRs and related ModuleReleaseMetas CRs, that are available for a user. The Module Catalog portfolio may vary for different users.
```
